David:Hello sir, how are you doing?
Jed Harris:As fine as one can these days, also no need to call me sir kid, I ain’t exactly an old man yet. Names Jed. Anyhow, what are you looking for, you don’t exactly look like the kind of person who would make use of my wares no offence of course
David:You’d be right to assume that, no I’m here on the behalf of a Mr Smith, I believe you have a deal with him and I’m here to collect
Jed Harris:And here I was thinking you came here for my company. I’m kidding of course, I'm aware of the deal and I do have the money right here. However, I don’t believe we’ve met before
David:Oh my apologies, my name is David Williams
Jed Harris:Good to meet you kid, although if I’m not mistaken you’ve never come to collect for Carson before. It’s usually some big fool who's only good at smashing rocks
David:You're not mistaken sir, I’m filling in for him today as he has fallen ill
Jed Harris:I see and what is your connection to Carson, if you don’t mind me asking, just most of his workers aren’t exactly bright
// Choice: "That's understandable, Carson is a new but considerate ally… I think" -> 10, "He’s more of a means to an end more than a proper associate at least for now" -> 17
Jed Harris:Ha You really know how to pick em
David:What do you mean by that?
Jed Harris:Nothing much, just keep an eye on the kind of company you keep, kid. Carson’s not exactly known as a friend by many. He might keep a fairly educated and formal appearance but he’s as much a savage as the rest of us
David:Hm ok I’ll keep that in mind, you have a good day
Jed Harris:Good luck kid

# If player chooses the second option
Jed Harris:Ah I see, should be careful kid, there's a good chance he’s using you, not the other way around.
David:I haven’t seen anything to signal that as of yet
Jed Harris:Just take it from me, Carson Smith never makes an unsafe investment. He’ll find one way or another to make a profit and I don’t just mean a financial profit
David:Hm ok I’ll keep that in mind, you have a good day
Jed Harris:Good luck kid